ಉಳಿದವರು ಕಂಡಂತೆ: ನಮ್ಮೊಳಗಿನ ಸಾಲ
############################
:date: 2014-03-29 11:23
:author: curlyreggie
:category: Uncategorized
:slug: %e0%b2%89%e0%b2%b3%e0%b2%bf%e0%b2%a6%e0%b2%b5%e0%b2%b0%e0%b3%81-%e0%b2%95%e0%b2%82%e0%b2%a1%e0%b2%82%e0%b2%a4%e0%b3%86-%e0%b2%a8%e0%b2%ae%e0%b3%8d%e0%b2%ae%e0%b3%8a%e0%b2%b3%e0%b2%97%e0%b2%bf
:status: published

If you feel that Kannada cinema is dying or Kannada cinema has lost it's
old touch or Kannada people don't have that ability to deliver
excellence, think again.

Rakshit Shetty of "ಸಿಂಪಲ್ ಆಗಿ ಒಂದ್ ಲವ್ ಸ್ಟೋರಿ" fame has some surprises
in the bag. The director in him surpasses his previous acting abilities
as he binds the story in a frame rarely found in Kannada cinema. An
"experiment" as he says, has knocked out regular, boring movie
masala out of the windows. All you can see is sultry presence of talent
and brilliance all over.

The movie has a regular story - a series of murders that happened in the
coastal area of Malpe. But the difference lies in people, who is a part
of it tell their own perspective of the story. All you need is a proper
string that binds them together. In the end, you'd realize
that everything is relative.

Cinematography caught my attention as soon as the movie began. Depicting
the same scene in all angles is the toughest part and not even a single
flaw could be found to prick the discontinuity. Another rare feature was
the varied camera work, like the photographer's mind. A lens in the eyes
of the brain depicts things extremely focused, like the part where Raghu
escapes with the bag, Achyut Kumar finding the prized possession or the
"huli dance". It became so clear that the brain understands what is
ongoing and not about it's surroundings.

With mind-blowing screenplay, the movie reaches a new level. The way how
the dots connect is difficult to comprehend unless you are carefully
observing, is a stunning feature found in the film. With a novel-based
approach depicting the incident as chapters, the director then tries to
segment every chapter with the character in play and his role. A chapter
also attaches it's own significance - be it the humorous part of Richie,
the motherly sentiment of Tara or the love of Kishore. Every chapter
depicts as a whole as well as a part. Wow!

And the background music outperforms the expectations. Every scene has a
unique flavor of the music connected to it's chapter and is extremely
hooking to your seat. The introductory part was the most eye-catching.
The boring introduction is chucked out and in comes a fresh way to tell
how the film should be opened.

Overall, every department has given their unique best to delve out
"ಉಳಿದವರು ಕಂಡಂತೆ". Rakshit Shetty and his extremely-talented team have
given a quality film, much longer to be remembered and learn from.

A must watch!
