A Beautiful, Cunning Lady.
##########################
:date: 2009-03-15 12:51
:author: curlyreggie
:category: Uncategorized
:slug: a-beautiful-cunning-lady
:status: published

Sometimes I feel that how people plan their career graph in a way so
smooth and planned way. If you start looking about their pattern, it
clearly says "My way or No way"!

How can I came about this topic? Well, by just lazying in the day, of
how popular persons have their lifestyles like. Truly commendable, the
point is to know the pieces and learn from it.

It starts from a lady, who say that she was a topper in her class in
school days. Later, a beauty contest for which all girls come up to show
the world that, they can do something for themselves in which, our small
girl is also interested. She does all the research required to gain
entry into this competition as she had something to prove, unlike other
girls who are trying to sneak in only for fame or money. The research
was quite impressive, to have an entry straight into a field where in
you either get a lot or loose everything, Films !

If you look into the way these competitions are held, with so much
glamor and pomp that every girl in this country can dream of becoming a
queen of this land. No doubt, the cosmetic industry is always in the
boom time even at this point of recession ! So much plastic or
artificial faces and everything seem to be original and beautiful
though, in fact, it actually isn't. But our little girl had something
else in her mind.

She gained an entry into the competition and won it. Not a big deal
these days, as it was one in earlier times. Later the world came to know
that it was just a trump card to her destination ! A director picked her
up as the leading lady of the film he was working, straight on ! She not
only charmed people because of her beauty but also some part of her
acting abilities as well. When her films started to click, then a
strange turn happened unlike others.

She started to sign only such films having her as the center-stage. The
film industry mainly runs on a hero-centric film, the dream-land,
supermaniacal scenes, the unimaginable kind of love stories and stunts
that a hero portrays is the bottomline for a movie to be a hit. But this
lady, as she grew, came only to such films where in it was a
heroine-oriented one. Not much of commercial cinema came into her hands,
but she was very persistent that it will lead to what she wanted. And yo
! The world started to look her as an ambassador of the Indian Film
Industry which no other actor even dared to dream ! She became the new
face of India across the world in respect to her line of work. Most of
the established actors feel that the Indian Market is quite so big that
it is enough to fill up their pockets, but not this lady ! She even did
some international films and got global attention too !

Meanwhile, while all this was happening, she used to get involved in a
lot of relationships which either where wound so tight that anybody
wished to snap from it or so loose that it didn't make any sense or just
to stay in public's eyes. Media and other film people might have thought
of her action plan about her marriage and other personal stuff which she
quietened everybody by taking a huge plunge of marrying a superstar's
son which nobody even though of ! Now, maybe that's what a cunning mind
works really like !!

Most of her fans admire the beauty of her presence, but what tickles me
the most is the mind or brains behind all of this . More catchy point is
that others are making her as role-model or at the least, ape some of
her styles, be it glamor or acting or even representing India !!
