A counselled consulting
#######################
:date: 2012-05-23 16:40
:author: curlyreggie
:category: Uncategorized
:slug: a-counselled-consulting
:status: published

.. raw:: html

   <div dir="ltr" style="text-align:left;">

Let me begin with a story. A new kind of a story. It isn't a pointed
story but a generic one and a lesson to learn from. And here goes.

.. raw:: html

   </p>

"... I should curse myself for that thinking. The very same thinking of
applying for a job posting in some dumb website. After applying and
unaware of having submitted one, I get a call from some consultant who
doesn't has his own website and says that he is looking for people
interested in the technology I was looking for and thus, I ended up
mailing my resume. The voice was quite eased, casual in tone and
extremely friendly at the beginning, just like you enter into a 5-star
restaurant and the waiter/bill man greets with a smile and you're
unaware of the price list shock thereafter. And so, believing the tone
and the confidence he invoked, I blindly mailed. An experienced profile,
who has seen a bit of professionalism and an etiquette of high standards
and manners. Being the global company I worked in, those teachings
should be praised as they taught me how to behave with customers and
people in a very friendly and calm manner. Now I hope this converts into
a "resume" of a professional and if it hasn't please tell me so that I
could change it back to "Curriculum Vitae" ~ a tag used for freshly
passed out job seekers, or basically, inexperienced candidates.

Getting back, this same consultant shoots back about the salary needs
and the amount of interest to work. The pressure that was put in that
two-minute call was so immense as if I was sanctioning the next
financial policy of a country and I don't know the after effects of it;
to the fact that I'd be held responsible for the drastic effects oozing
out. I was completely oblivious to the fact about how the job consulting
industry works in a country away from mine and was quite new to such
experiences since my work was in a single organization and I was not
looking for any opportunities elsewhere. Henceforth, I agreed to his
terms and got my scheduled appointment of interview. But now, things got
haywire. I forget to wake up due to extreme exhaustion on the previous
day and the location to be met was a place which takes a minimum of two
full hours of journey time. And now, this fellow calls up and starts
abusing about my unprofessional behavior. I admitted that it was my
mistake, which it truly was, but just as I wanted to inform this person,
his abuses became intolerable.

This fellow now starts getting personal, gets on to my upbringing and
his occurrence of things extremely personal which, no one actually never
listens but to curse my circumstances, I had to, after cooling him down
and telling him not to repeat them. I quickly apologized, called the
company's HR, rescheduled my interview time and had a discussion with
them. In fact, I was pleasantly surprised about the way they treated me
and was equally sad for the language, this consultant spoke in. Being a
consultant itself proves that you want to live life on your own but one
cannot buy the fact that you get the authority of abusing people who are
actually standing on their little fingers just to bag the job and
somehow, control their personal commitments. I admit that it was my
mistake and apologized but the way of abusing itself proves who is
professional here.

Now, more things have happened. After the interview, I call up this
fellow and he calmly says that he would get back to me after checking
with the company people. His answers were quite trustworthy but I
couldn't take them as I'd seen people back home not responding
professionally if rejected or anything of the matter. Curious of the
fact, I called up the company to know my status. They inform me to check
with my "agent" and would be in touch with him. This agent now comes to
know about this and blasts again with a full-on lecture about the
company culture and what not. Being the most professional in my company
and having no such complaints ever in my life, this was like a
taken-aback statement.

Since, I wanted a higher salary, I hinted him about my other ongoing job
interviews and the confidence I had from them. Now, this fellow comes
back with another pressure to choose between me and another candidate
who is ready to work even for free. What should I do now? Cancel the
ongoing process or budge to his demands and admit that I'm ready to work
for any offered salary?"

The story appears quite visible to you. Isn't it? Especially for people
who're unknown of such experiences. Also, there might a high probability
that it would've happened to anyone around. Looks like our story fellow
is quite an adventurous person who takes risks, learns mistakes and then
mends them and finally, moves on. So, going further, some points for
people who are striving for jobs via consultants:

1. Be frank. They are linkers to the companies and can put in their own
voice of opinion into your profile as the company people believe them
more. So, better have an honest appearance.

2. They are powerful enough. Especially the senior cadre. Never mess
with them. Never! You'll learn your lesson quite hard in that if you
attempt to risk.

3. They know the job market. So you either seek advice from them if no
one appears in your circles or if you do not know how the system works
if this is your first job. After a few inputs and ideas, you're on your
own. No one will guide you after. Not even your instinct!

4. Be polite to them even though you don't like the behavior from their
side. Yes! They are quite expecting, more than the companies themselves,
so you better buck up in this regard.

5. They sometimes pressurize you quite hard to take a decision. It's
your call to sound it professional, rather to say a Yes/No or just get
onto the learning wagon and getting the chapter tougher.

6. Never treat them as your friend. Never! They are chains after all,
giving you a job opportunity thereby connecting people. It'd be foolish
on your part to assume friendliness and a lopsided attitude towards you.

7. Don't tell them hazy scenarios. This one will take your breath for a
moment if you're not aware of them as this post stands mainly on this
fact. They might assume on their part, but not from your side, as they
have a job position to close and thousands would be applying for them.
And they assume things very randomly, so you better be clear of your
objectives.

8. Keep your salary expectations either in market range and confirm your
attendance if you don't want to reveal or tell them a straight figure.
Period. It was stupid on the storyteller's behalf that he assumed the
company would offer him in a way based on experience. After all, you
want a job for yourself and the bottom-line is to earn money. It is okay
if you don't get further than getting into an argument with your
consultant to "flex" options.

9. "Even though you might smell good now, after two hours people might
come towards you and give a nasty look based on your sweaty shirt. Be
aware of this minor fact" - as told by the protagonist, the consultant.

10. Be ready for big lectures if the consultant is in a very senior
position. About company cultures and perfumed footwear. You might not
buy this even though you're right in your attire and attitude but your
circumstances are not that green enough for you to argue.

11. The consultant is your single point of contact. That's it! Never
dare to call the company people even if you left your laptop during the
interview in their meeting rooms or anything you need from them to be
responded. Everything has to go through this contact. Every little
information! The consultants are professionals, so rest assured, you
will be informed of any outcomes.

12. You'll have an upper hand if your experience is \*relevant\* to the
position applied. Only then the salary payment shoots up. Just because
you've experience/exposure to that industry doesn't mean that you can be
tagged similar to the ones who've worked in those fields in the same
duration as you've worked for. They stand an upper hand, for obvious
reasons.

13. Never speak about your offers unless you have hard copies of their
conformance. This is the most trickiest part while negotiating salaries
as the ball is in your court and you have the full authority to swing if
you've been found as a valid candidate. Otherwise, shut your mouth,
literally and accept what he says and think it over, if negotiations are
in progress. Never give the chance to snatch the ball and make yourself
suffer for your expectations.

14. To end this, demand what you feel. Only if, you've done the
interviews right and you know you'd be called for an offer discussion.
Just that, demand. It's their headache to communicate to the companies
whether they'll buy this or not. Not yours. Don't worry about your
image. Nobody else cares either.

Apart from those basic points, remember one simple thing. Always. "If
the consultant is rude/abusive and is unprofessional, irrelevant to his
seniority or whatever, and he demands the exact opposite of it, then he
is not worth of your precious time. Period." Move on. There are more to
help you out.

| So, there you have it. Be professional, be honest and earn in buckets!
| Cheers!!

*P.S: The story is entirely hypothetical. Any such incidents or
occurrences in real life are meant to be understood as pure co-incidence
and not connected in any format or part whatsoever.*

.. raw:: html

   <p>

*P.P.S: I don't care whom if it would've referred to in real. If yes,
then read the points and get a life!Â *

.. raw:: html

   </div>

