A Ray of Hope, Finally !
########################
:date: 2010-11-18 02:52
:author: curlyreggie
:category: Uncategorized
:slug: a-ray-of-hope-finally
:status: published

Its the day that I was waiting for. The day when I would step out back
into the world as an unemployed, carefree and a joyful student. The day
of quitting the usual job, the day of celebrating and the day of being
completely myself again !

Yes. I finally resigned from the rolls of my organization. Not just due
to opposition of the monotonous job happening around, but desperately
wanted to be me again. The idea of working came into this mind, only to
take a deserving break of studying. But when I look back into my good
old days, it seems the days of college were the truest and the most
enriching of all experiences. The idea of getting up daily only to see
the same old computer and the peers around was getting a bit too laid
and sick for me. Maybe I am still not out of my student life yet. God
sighted this, and voila ! I am back to studies.

I sincerely hoped that my own country would do justice to me as I had
the desire to get back to my field of study, Engineering. The
opportunities came knocking all the time, in fact for 2 full years, I
was busy doing parallel activities, with not that much enthusiasm as
before due to job hassles. But something had to break the jargon. Sick
of the industry, I then looked on for opportunities, one was the usual
management path, but was disappointed seeing the rat race. People are
just trying to snap out of their routines just in hope for a better
hell! It was later that I realized through my friends, that I was more
technically inclined than ordering persons to do their jobs. I was very
much apprehensive of the fact that this was a forgotten side of mine but
the same people threw light upon it. Opportunities didn't click in my
home country and so, I finally threw open the option of checking my
studies in some foreign land, hoping to see a silver lining. With the
road becoming brighter, and in fact luckier, I continued to walk. And
finally it broke the hard ice. I got through one of the leading
universities of the world, to pursue further studies.

The university that I am through, may not figure out in the best of the
lot as per reviews and critics, but I am happy for the decision that I
have taken. I wanted to stay out of the herd mentality of looking at the
western world for a ray of hope. Now that the tables are turning towards
eastern world as a better and bigger opportunity bank, this made me look
into such countries as a suitable and viable option. Of course, options
to pursue further studies are excellent in western countries as they
outclass every other in the world, but to be frank, I was not interested
in the rat race again. The same old faces back in school, the same
competition and the same juggernauts was all that I was fed up of. So, I
decided to plunge ahead and gave it a try, a sincere try, without the
expectation of sailing through. Of course, there were other plans made
in case this was not done, a lesson learnt from my previous years and
peers. I was not willing to let this chance slip off my hands. The same
academia, which I admit hesitatingly, came to my rescue and I agree that
it was a good thing to have excelled as the top performer in bachelors
class otherwise this would have been just a passing affair. Now that its
confirmed that I would be flying and that after the celebrations, its
time for the post processing work of migrating to my next destination
and of course, getting relieved from office.

The post sounds that I am exaggerating so much but, this got to be one
of those good days of my life. A ray of hope finally bestowed on this
unlucky chap. Now to convert this into a good one. Of course, there
might be days when the wild thought of entering back to the same
industry might prevail but let there be as one cannot guarantee one's
destiny. Hence, there need not be any offenses to the readers of this
post.

Wish me luck ! ;-)
