Airport Experience
##################
:date: 2012-01-22 12:55
:author: curlyreggie
:category: Friends, Learning, Relationships
:slug: airport-experience
:status: published

.. raw:: html

   <div dir="ltr" style="text-align:left;">

Talking to a friend makes you feel lighter. Specially if you are holding
onto something. The same thing happened on my way back home from
Singapore that I got a friend to accompany with.

.. raw:: html

   </p>

To deviate from the subject for sometime, the journey itself was an
unexpected one. While sending off to a friend at the airport, he had a
pre-booked ticket to Bangalore. Unable to go home due to his new job
reporting in Sweden, he offered it. Totally taken aback with how destiny
plays, I took sometime to decide. After seeing the work in hand and
arriving at the conclusion that this could be managed, I grabbed the
ticket. To my surprise, he took in the transfer charges into his stride
and told me to pay the ticket fare only. So, you now know why my tryst
with destiny appears.

Coming back to the friend's conversation, we then boarded the flight on
the planned date. To describe my friend, she was working in Singapore
and wanted to meet her parents before packing her bags to Sweden to
accompany her husband, of whose ticket that was transferred to me. A
simple, traditional but independent girl who can blast you off if it
comes to a woman's freedom! A totally outright person with a noble heart
for close friends, I wondered how her husband allowed me to go with her!
The Indian husband mentality was not visible as she said he trusted her
completely. Or I would say he trusted me, in fact. She had two heavy
bags of luggage to be dumped in her house so that the Swedish journey
would be lightened. As I had nothing but a simple travel bag, I thought
of giving her, a helping hand. After an automated clearance and the
luggage check-in, we then boarded the flight after a long wait at the
terminal.

The fun and introspection started when the flight started. I came to
know more about her and her family. A simple conversation can open up
many thoughts. She then asked me about my own personal life, a highly
closetted part. I didn't mind saying things which I myself hadn't
analyzed before. And to my disbelief, she liked the way the conversation
flew. From talking about her husband to the way how I landed in
Singapore, it looked like a story when I finished it. Of course, I am
not used to chattering, be it hearing too, this talk became more
inquisitive as I came to know some facts that you learn by sharing.

Yes. Sharing helps. It eases your emotional hold up. And can make you
look at yourself in a different prospective. Things I learnt was to open
up experiences to friends, let them flow and listen to theirs. Things
become more clear in front of you.

After a convinced mind and a short slumber, the flight landed in the
cold Bangalore airport. Waving her off and then hiring a cab, I looked
out of the window and was left amazed.

.. raw:: html

   </div>

