A lively conglomeration
#######################
:date: 2011-10-13 00:47
:author: curlyreggie
:category: Friends
:slug: commotion
:status: published

For the first time in my tenure in
`Singapore <http://maps.google.com/maps?ll=1.28333333333,103.833333333&spn=10.0,10.0&q=1.28333333333,103.833333333%20(Singapore)&t=h>`__,
I had been to a party place. Anticipation of highs, with dances and a
bewildered crowd crossed through the mind. Of all the places this was of
course, the most widely discussed, criticized and loved about.

To begin with, this was a planned arrangement ! I don't know why. It
really was, at least for some minds. It was a long time in Singapore and
I hadn't checked out the party place yet ! So gathered with a few newly
made pals and then were all dressed up for the fun event. I looked like
the plain old geeky nerd with a plain old casual shirt, jeans and a pair
of flip-flops, someone who thinks its cool, but actually it isn't. And
gracious me, I was in the university doing some nonsense stuff the very
same day and joined without a change. So, packed with a couple of
dollars and excitement, we arrived.

The place, an agglomeration with clogged bars, open-air chairs and
artificial trees. Not to forget, the popular live bands amidst the
cramped spaces. And not to forget the bridge setup and open spaces which
I dreamt of all the time to sit. We then went in search of one of our
pals who was already having a ball with his foreign chaps and to our
surprise, he was on high "spirits". He finally caught up with us and
gulped a few more to his never-ending thirst. And the fun he cracked was
making me remind of my
`Indian <http://maps.google.com/maps?ll=28.6133333333,77.2083333333&spn=10.0,10.0&q=28.6133333333,77.2083333333%20(India)&t=h>`__
fellows back home, who went on a rampage of flocking around doing weird
things.

As nobody had dinner, we thought of having a quick snack at a local
store. To the surprise, after looking at the scenario across the entire
place and a LIVE cricket match, my hunger vanished. We then went back to
the bridge, and sat for a short talk before the real play. The bridge
was a platform made for the guzzlers, with large decks to sit on. And a
lake beneath, with a carcass of steps lining its boundaries to add to
the beauty. Emotions began to spurt out amidst the get-together talk,
with some highs and lows taking it to a memorable stage. And then was
more magical. It started to drizzle, just like you see in a movie.
Picture perfect, but actually turning out as a dampener which switched
the open-air event to a closed one, as more audiences jammed the tightly
crammed spaces, locked and helpless.

As we were all students looking for their wallets and the place is a
steep cutter on expenses part, we then barged into a club  to save
ourselves from the waters and started to jig around. Not much as in a
`break dance <http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/B-boying>`__ fashion, but a
stationary one, grooving to the music from the live bands with just our
upper halves swirling around as it was a packed house. It was a
Scottish pub in a candlelight theme with sit-up chairs and sofa
sets as in an old era with no cover charges. The dance floor turned out
be a small platform where in at most of five persons can swing freely.
To our surprise, one of us was on a roll and was just jumping like a
spring all the place, whirling and hustling to the beats. A great fun to
watch people having a gala time, a first-time experience.

Returning back from the place was also scenic with roads being a treat
to watch in the night. One of the group members commented that it looked
exactly how our Indian counterpart resembled it, making me feel
home-sick for an instant. A cool breeze among the nature-clad roads in a
rented cab with a zephyr of water in the air from the roads made by the
transits finished the night with an ice-cream ! Crashing was in a
friend's `dorm room <http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dormitory>`__, a
minuscule piece to slop down but had not other way.

Guess this night will still be lingered about for some days to come.
