David: A deliberate sewn linkage
################################
:date: 2013-02-19 19:40
:author: curlyreggie
:category: Uncategorized
:slug: david-a-deliberate-sewn-linkage
:status: published

.. raw:: html

   <div dir="ltr" style="text-align:left;">

Three people. Three Davids. Three lives. And one final linkage. Er..
Almost. A complex way of telling to shut your mouth and live on rather
than making changes around. Unnecessarily complex.

.. raw:: html

   </p>

The movie could've been done by him and himself only. Bejoy Nambiar, the
man. After the smaller, psychedelic version seen in Shaitan, a
hit-and-run case story and finally leading to mutual misunderstandings,
comes a decent version of an usual routine. The same routine, which
would've taken three different producers of the same era to picture it
in their own different flavors. Nice way of cost-cutting, Mr. Director!

The story begins with the climax and ends with the climax again. Only
difference is that what happens between these climaxes is somewhat dull.
Alright let me put it straight, boring. What's so special about David
the gangster, being the ultimate loyal servant to his master, ending up
in a stage to kill his own king? Or that David, the guitarist who tries
to avenge his anger against a politician? Or that David, the drunkard
who wants his best friend's would-be as his own wife? It is for that
simple reason that they never end up achieving their missions at all.
That's David. Or rather, defining an attitude for that name.

Come 1975, London and Neil Nitin Mukesh as David the gangster fires and
kills enemies of Abdul Ghani in a ruthless manner with his .5mm pistol.
Hooks up with Noor, the maid's daughter who is a real-life rock-band
singer. Monica Dogra, even though essaying the role neatly, still has to
overcome her foreign lingo. It's just intimacy and sheer intimacy when
you see Noor. And a background music for you to remind that until and
after the movie has ceased. He eventually learns about his master being
his father, an usual copy of older movies and hunches a plan to attack
him after tying up with the Indian spys. Meanwhile, Ghani's son, that
computer whizkid in Shaitan is a spoilt brat and progresses to damage
his father's "image" for which Ghani decides to marry him with Noor, the
pregnant lady with David's child. Noor rejects the marriage and stays in
David's room for their love episode remembrance. And all this in 1975,
is a tad unbelieving.

In between sneaks in David, the guitarist. Mumbai of 1999 doesn't look
anything different than Mumbai of 2013. I wonder why that year was
picked up for reasons I may not know. A serious guitarist who doubles up
as a teacher for a few homes, friend for Lara Dutta and bass guitarist
in a pub. Why serious? Because he's eating dinner when his band at the
pub is busy thulping beer. Amid this, he has a family headed by Nasser
who happens to be a small-time religious leader of his community,
inspiring people to do God's work. His dreams and ambitions are that of
any simple, middle-class boy which get shattered on one rainy day when
Rohini Hattangady, the Hindu leader puts black paint on his father's
face and he walks out in the open to seek out why.

Chiyan Vikram, the last of Davids, falls in love with Isha Sharvani, the
Kalaripayattu queen who is a deaf-dumb combination but is extremely
beautiful and is hooked with his friend. I wonder why the people of Goa
really speak in that way of how is being depicted. In spite the scene is
2010, it is rather immaterial. He seeks out help of his dead father, of
Tabu, of his mother and of Prahlad Kakkar for her hand but ultimately
fails. Tabu as the massage parlour owner is class, making one wish like
a friend of her nature. But I don't know why the dead father's character
was needed for some comic attempts.

Now, for the character assassination er.. ratings. Neil Nitin Mukesh is
surely an under-utilized actor who badly needs a good director. Vinay
Virmani, an exact copy-paste look-alike of Ranvir Shorey is new and can
go up provided he stops looking like the replica. Vikram is wasted,
utterly wasted for the way he acts. Despite pouring his own money,
Vikram is not up to mark. Isha Sharvani is truly beautiful. Rest look
like Shaitan's crew which are required but, negligible.

Check for the climax. The second one. You'll find it a better movie to
have skipped it before.

Shaitan was much better than this. Much, much better, Mr.Nambiar.

Oh, forgot. "Ghum Huye" is an awesome track to sign off. And stop that
Jhoolelaal track remixing over and over. Tired of hearing Ali getting
first rank every time.

Don't watch it again. You might just start liking it.

.. raw:: html

   </div>

