Inconsonant Choice
##################
:date: 2012-01-26 10:38
:author: curlyreggie
:category: Bondage, Friends, Poke
:slug: inconsonant-choice
:status: published

.. raw:: html

   <div dir="ltr" style="text-align:left;">

People can take you for granted. Only for the reason that you let things
go. Sometimes, it is okay to make fun of you in a casual manner so that
you can laugh at yourself but everything has a limit not to cross to.
Our own maturity lets us down in reciprocating and thus, everything sums
up and reaches a boiling point where we start cutting out. Why is it
that these bunch of idiots don't mind their own bloody business and
remain in their arses rather than poking into others' matters
unnecessarily?

.. raw:: html

   </p>

The most pricking point is that, we all have a certain bunch who just
can't keep their mouth shut when someone pokes at us. Laughter erupts -
the snobby type- more annoying than just the talk. Thinking to keep it
calm, composed and uncaring, the mistake occurs. The poking heightens!
With more dumbfucks joining, this gets onto your nerves. Poking is never
balanced - you make fun of the person and it is just not acceptable!
Making fun of people to get a sadistic pleasure is the quality of a
wannabe loser. An asshole, in fact!

Adding to the fire is the back-talk! A speciality with us Indians.
Gossiping about the friend behind their back and then making fun in
front is not cool. When properly questioned, comes the answer that this
is just for gags! THIS IS NOT FUN, you dumb shithole! It is just plain
fake behaviour displaying sheer dumbness.

The fact that hurts is of the way they behave after treating in such a
manner. You then start appearing like a trash, something of no value and
respect, a feat not in the lines of what they term as friendship.
Friends do exactly the opposite and would always be the ones to support
rather than making fun for the heck of it and not feeling an inch of
sorry in them. If they really knew the value of friendship, the
back-talk and the pokes wouldn't have occurred  in the very first place!

Throughout my life so far, I've been in search of good people,
compatible with and like to embrace them with an open heart. I tend to
connect for that one unique quality in them with distinguishes them from
the "aam junta". But also to some for the sake of it through a mutual
contact. Do avoid such! The choice of choosing people to network with,
lies in our own hands. Was it a mistake to outlay the stupidity of our
friends so that we don't see them repeat it again, thinking of their own
good? Or was it our very own maturity to let things off and not retort.
Or is it that inconsonant choice of ours to misunderstand the relation
as pals and not just another silly crowd.

I don't know. So, all you semi-introverts like me, show the finger if
somebody pokes at you and remove them from your contacts. You tend to
loose nothing if they aren't in your friend's list and neither it
matters to them. After all, they are there just to make fun of you and
nothing else. And if a fight erupts, be ready to hit and face some
punches and kicks. It gets you a respect in a way, at the least to
yourself!

.. raw:: html

   </div>

