Quickie Vacation
################
:date: 2013-02-12 01:35
:author: curlyreggie
:category: Uncategorized
:slug: quickie-vacation
:status: published

.. raw:: html

   <div dir="ltr" style="text-align:left;">

I must be out of my mind. Seriously! For the fact of putting up a post
immediately after one published a day earlier. Or maybe, I've nothing
else to do apart from thinking bad English and putting up nonsense here
as always.

.. raw:: html

   </p>

| And this repeats to the vacation that lasted. For Ten. Full. Days.

| Yes! A vacation that never seemed to cease until the D-Day arrived. Which is today, the 12th of February.

Sometimes 12th of February reminds me of a school friend. He used to
dress up in some colorful shirt with red, white and violet flowers all
over and a simple khaki pants to cover it up. And some sneakers not to
forget, the ultimate pleasure in skipping shoes for one single day. And
his torn bag was filled with books and one small tiffin box, which used
to have some awesome "Mango Bite" candies to be shared with. The entire
classroom used to wait for those candies and everyone was poking the
teacher to begin the birthday song. Even the teachers were a little
greedy, for they used to get higher numbers, three to be exact, compared
to one per kid in the class. And thus, began the royal red carpet
welcome for our boy and the entire class used to stand up and began.

"Happy Birthday to You!..."

It feels ridiculous to sing that song now. Many do the same thing,
reasons unknown. Must be shyness, or feeling childish for a flicker or
just pla8in attitude. I don't know. I just sing but NOT in the eyes of
the celebrity of that day. I really don't know. Coming back, after
wishing the boy starts to share his "toffees" to the class as mentioned,
one per kid. The entire box was offered but we were allowed to pick up
only one from the lot. Sometimes, I felt like snatching the tin box
itself but feared, reasons again, unknown.

Just after this thought, came the thought of that flight which I feel,
to never take. To always sit around, lazying like a lion, eating
heartily at others' cost. Let's not get into life, as one pal lectures
about. I know, I need to be serious at times and that return ticket
reminds me just of that which I'm happy about. But, let's summarize what
I did.

Beginning with family, embracing them in that chilly weather, began the
day I arrived. And then, began series of meetings with friends and some
food to binge upon. And er.. a party to finish them all only at the
unwilling acceptance to celebrate. And, not a single day did I work!

And thus, that time comes when the question returns, "So, when're you
coming back next time?" for which has no answer until I catch that
flight again..

See you in Singapore!

An Edit: On the way to Singapore..

I can't spare a new post for this. So, stuffing this here itself. Flying
by the classy, Singapore Airlines for the first time sure gives a bit of
jitters as the crowd around, be it that Indian fellow in his shorts with
his beautiful looking wife/girlfriend beside or that whitey guy who just
cribs about service. It was just a classy flight, with lush interiors,
ample leg room and a host of menu options. Switching from a budget
airlines to such is quite a transition and I hope it just doesn't make
me addicted to.

Only problem is, you have far less time to sleep after appreciating the
courtesy, which took nearly half of the journey's time.

.. raw:: html

   </div>

