Research-based Coding: The side of a developer.
###############################################
:date: 2013-02-08 20:02
:author: curlyreggie
:category: Uncategorized
:slug: research-based-coding-the-side-of-a-developer
:status: published

.. raw:: html

   <div dir="ltr" style="text-align:left;">

The full-time developer, separates himself from the professional
software industry and lands up in an university to code and explore.
This is an experience to look forward to for the developer himself, in
times of trouble and motivation. And it started to rain.

.. raw:: html

   </p>

Okay. Let me summarize like my old History teacher way back in school,
the Paayint system. Means to write in bullet points. As if making a
presentation for every stupid answer like how Babur attacked India and
Akbar was crowned the King later on. Imagine. In points! I'm sure, even
the Din-i-ilahi would laugh his way out at this strategy to earn marks.

Okay. I use a lot of Okays. A way to focus from the randomness.
Irritating, right? Just cannot escape from this gibberish as the work
involves a lot of randomness too. You're being assigned to design the
next big thing and all that you have is a stupid laptop running Linux on
it.

Okay, okay, I know. Linux is my favorite too. In fact, most of the
developers' favorites as per studies which I haven't encountered any.
Hooked into Ubuntu and that's it. You feel as if you're controlling
NASA's satellites with that \`printf \` code all the time. And then come
in some SDKs, a constant running batch job, some emulators to see how
your dumb code appears and voila! It starts to work, only to the dismay
of the personnel and disappointment at that dull design of yours.

This is the basic problem in a research-based coding arena. DESIGN! And
better that be bloody quick and  attractive! You've to use the
\`latest\` technologies to put more weight in your work which itself,
takes days for you to sink in as you don't have any mentor to ask for
some sample code. And then, go through that stupid "Hello, World!" fonts
every time, feel proud of achieving this, and then go blank for the
actual work all over. Rinse and repeat for other technologies. Bleh.

And this doesn't stop at that. Deadlines become so tight that you're
constantly feeling of missing your train every minute you finish. Or
like a rope being tightened at every extra line of code. And once you
finish, the requirement changes. Rope loosens and a new train appears.
The loop runs. Again.

But, a good thing also comes up in between. Of the all nuisances and
mental stress, you somewhere find freedom. Freedom to be yourself.
Freedom to code yourself. Freedom to get credit for the work. Freedom to
build your resume the way you wanted. Freedom to go to the restroom.
Freedom to eat for twenty minutes and fifteen seconds only. Freedom to
stay after everybody else departs. Of course, in between as mentioned
already. Just before reality strikes. In the morning when you er.. open
your eyes and hurry to the bathroom for a refresh to get back to the
lab.

Alright. No technical words used apart from Linux, Ubuntu, emulators and
so on. So, thank you for ignoring them if you haven't pointed already.
You know what I mean. It is against company policies, you know!

See? I just can't manage the Paayint system and use to fail miserably at
History for this very fact in spite of it being a \`naice\` subject. 

Rain was about to pour, bloody earth smell is hovering only. Saturn, I
tell you.

Long time no post, so this.

Bye.

.. raw:: html

   </div>

