SinginDaPura
############
:date: 2011-01-23 00:30
:author: curlyreggie
:category: Uncategorized
:slug: singindapura
:status: published

Who ho !! Its finally in. Continuing my journey from the last post, now
that the office and such things are left behind, its time for a new
start. A new beginning. A new dawn that aroused amidst a settled dusk.

To begin my experiences, this has to be the first one. The flight was
scheduled to depart on a day exactly after Christmas, midnight to be
sharp. So no Christmas cakes for me this time. Settling all things and
fully packed with emotions and bags, we headed to the airport. It was
decided that some of my office people would also come for the send-off.
When we reached the airport, it was 4 hours to take off. So waited for
my pals to arrive. Kept pestering them for being late, but they already
were nearing the place so I didn't want the climax to end in a bad
manner. Added to this, a constant pressure from my dearest ones to get
in as the time to check-in was announced. I wanted to stay, but time
didn't permit. So I checked in the airport. Moreover, Bangalore
International Airport has some lame space crunches which does not allow
people to visit even during check-in time ! But I had to take that risk,
hoping to see my pals after the check-in process at least.

As time wouldn't wait, they finally arrive, minutes after I get into the
airport entrance. But I had to finish my check-in process first. The
airlines that I had booked had a big long queue as the passengers were
of those South East Asian holiday trips from Bangalore. So it took
around 45 minutes to get my boarding pass! Another problem of that
airlines was that of the baggage allowance. Trying out whatever stuffs I
could from my home to check proper luggage allowance, it seemed that
this was one of the lowest allowance provider till date to all flights
!! Damn luck of mine, I had to settle this as my investigations began a
week before the departure. But I politely asked a few during the
boarding process and they settled the matter out. The friends were
requesting to come out for a short glimpse as they had brought a gift
for me. I pleaded to the Airport officers, who, after a random check of
my baggage (damn!), finally allowed me to meet them.

.. raw:: html

   <div class="separator" style="clear:both;text-align:center;">

|image0|

.. raw:: html

   </div>

After that till the final check-in I had nothing else to do apart from
calls made so as to bid a final good bye to console the people outside
the airport and at home.

The flight finally called up for final check-in at midnight hour. I was
waiting for this moment to see a real flight travel experience. This was
a budget flight, an Airbus 320 charter which was quite economically
spaced, something like you sit in a regular bus. The flight was full of
such tourists who, where trying to "adjust" seats by shuffling
passengers. I too was a victim of that and hence, got a seat, not worth
mentioning. Finally, the flight took off. The take-off had mixed
feelings, leaving the nearest and dearest ones and the other, a new
dawn. The flight wasn't that good either with stewardesses eating heads
with their regular meals servings. The journey was to shift in Kuala
Lumpur as I couldn't get a direct flight and hence, had to wait till my
next flight for 3 hours.

Awestruck by the airport's interior design and following the usual
"crowd" path, I was about to make a mistake by checking out of it !
Fortunately, I asked the airport personnel before I proceeded to the
Immigrations wing. The next flight was the quickest and the most
luxurious one with a seat provided that I could stretch my long legs
with ease. The flight landed in my destination, Singapore. It is truly
worth mentioning that the airport and the processes are damn quick in
here. I mean, it was only 10 minutes since the time I got out of the
flight till the time I was out of the airport itself ! The roads, the
scenic beauty and the discipline were the first ones to catch my
attention while I was being taken to my room by my friend.

All in all, it was a good journey with a memorable first-time
experiences. More to come..

Ohh.. and credits to thejohny for the post title ! \\m/

.. |image0| image:: http://curlyreggie.files.wordpress.com/2011/01/164073_1247344681427_1763754655_491634_5340937_n.jpg
   :target: http://curlyreggie.files.wordpress.com/2011/01/164073_1247344681427_1763754655_491634_5340937_n2.jpg
