Starting Worries
################
:date: 2012-02-28 20:47
:author: curlyreggie
:category: Uncategorized
:slug: starting-worries
:status: published

.. raw:: html

   <div dir="ltr" style="text-align:left;">

In the recent times, I'm seeing a saturation of vividness in the new
age, bored, dull and enthusiastic cult trying to re-define themselves.
Of getting out of the race. Of being themselves in another avatar.
Living the way they want to in.

.. raw:: html

   </p>

Consider a bunch of employees. Their objective was simple. To work in a
way and a style they desired. Side effects of the college life of
freedom. But then, pops up frustrations for the reason of the new
"being" into existence. One, for the way people dress. Trying to change
this in multi-nationals won't work. For the strict "Dress Code" being
stamped. Of the 4-day formals and last-day casual get ups. With no round
necks. And "No revealing legs, please. It is against company norms!",
tags and comments.

Dress isn't an only factor of boredom. The managers' woes, of finishing
the "task in hand" hounds like a ghost. Come whatever may. Even if you
have a suffering mother. Or visiting a paralyzed relative. Or to a
friend who met with an accident. Or to a neighbour's wedding reception.
"Finish the work and go. You can come in office late tomorrow". Yeah.
When all the expectations die. When we have nothing else apart from the
remorseful feeling of excuse when needed. For a work, tiny to flash,
later to become a time-waster. With no rewards of it, either. Or to
another instance of shouting that you are incompetent so that the entire
office floor looks to you in an awful position wondering, "Poor Guy. His
manager is so cold.". And leaving it just at that.

So what next? "To stop the train, pull the chain." Looking at the
scornful situation, the resignations pour in. With managers wondering.
Onsite offers popping in. Promotions being promised in. And a nice
dinner to end the day hoping the fellow takes his letter back. An image
which you feel proud of regaining your importance, unaware of the
heinous objective behind. Of showcasing talent retention skills. Of the
project concerned in focus of the "client". Of selfish "growth" desires
to land up in a bigger car or an apartment with a chauffeur attached. A
wish that only such privileged have. Or believe to.

And when nothing works out, "The company would love you to take you
back", would be the final statement. As if showing concern till you get
out. Before that termination letter hands in. After the pre-last day -
post-resignation day slogging that you put in verge of a better world.
Before the early exit pay cuts and a negligible gratuity fund. Bah! I'm
sure they would think, "Thank goodness!" when the answer would be "My
goodness!".

The people, who know their self-worth, would then make it a point of
avenging their negligence in the society. The danger belt. Of mirage
thinking. Spiced with media hoopla. Topped with false confidence. Guts.
And a fake passion for dessert. Voila! There, springs up the idea of a
new company. In a way. Most of us wouldn't want to work under someone,
although we would like someone working for us. Be it in a thousand
foot-held campus or in a garage of one single computer! Ironical. Not to
forget, the status factor. Of having the number of companies that we
ventured. Or started. Or partnered in. Or attempted. Or attempting. With
raising people's eyebrows. And images in girls' hearts. And the welfare
of society.

Now, the company is laid to stone. And should now, pour in the business.
Money, in short. Floundering around the same customers who they worked
for in office sometime back, or for newer "smaller" ones so that the
firm floats, be it working even for a shop owner who struggles in a
rented box. And charging rates that look competitive. In the context of
big corporations' loots.

Amidst all this, one wonders. Of the number. Of customers. Payers.
Buyers. Sellers. Borrowers. Business. Clients appearing from Mogadishu.
Or from a ditch. Or the confidence of people who know nothing of the
risks involved. And money. In short.

Everyday, 2-3 new firms emerge out for businesses in every storeroom of
every country. Either of the traditional nature or unheard variety. Are
we seeing a saturation in the customer count? Or in starting up? Or are
we yet to see a new bubble. The start-up bubble. To burst all over? Or
are we coming to a stage where in, you are ready to serve but unable to
acknowledge the service.

.. raw:: html

   </div>

