The Race that never started
###########################
:date: 2013-02-18 10:17
:author: curlyreggie
:category: Uncategorized
:slug: the-race-that-never-started
:status: published

.. raw:: html

   <div dir="ltr" style="text-align:left;">

Wondering myself why am I sitting on a Monday morning and putting up a
blog post. Also wondering why didn't I tweet it in a single line rather
than putting it up here. Wondering at the wondrous work of the wonderful
team of Race 2. That's why..

.. raw:: html

   </p>

Race 2 (Ah, a sequel of course) is an epic Hindi blockbuster movie that
could very well er.. challenge the ongoing stupidities of the Dabangg
series, Sajid Khan series, Sonakshi Sinha series and Rohit Shetty
series. It simply surpasses them all! How? Simple. Cast a big unit, pay
them in unrevealed amounts, put in the famous reverand
couple-oops!-director-duo, Abbas Mustan and tada! Your movie is out.
Er.. Did I mention about the script? Not necessary for it to take the
limelight.

The team is brilliant, so brilliant that I sometimes feel why. A script
that goes haywire, music that's unnecessarily intervening that you
sometimes feel like shutting down the movie itself example, Allah Duhai
Remix, stunts that tickle your funny bone and ridiculous acting by most
of the junta. You also wonder why some people are being cast into guest
appearances knowing the fact that they weren't needed for their stupid
roles at all.

Take for example, Ameesha Patel and Aditya Pancholi. The former suits to
the line perfectly as Deepika Padukone says, Fruit-and-Nut. Wonder why
the Gadar lady accepted such a side role after doing some unwanted
movies after. I guess she needs Sunny Paaji's shout-over-the-roof voice
or Hrithik's bare-body stunts to rev her image up as an actress. And
there's Aditya Pancholi too, the so-called Godfather in this movie with
the qualities of none. Imagine Godfather speaking like a buffoon about
printing cards and all! Or having a very dull entry with an overly
blackened suit to hide the image. Do Godfathers move around with girls
all the time while they are into something important working? Well, Race
2 makes you believe that so.

How did we forget about Anil Kapoor, the bare-body-artist who can make
even Salman Khan shiver? Check that scene where he gets intimate with
Ameesha. You'll know why I don't dare to explain. Deepika's entry was
raunchy, makes you think who tore her dress off for her to get out of
the helicopter. She does similar acting, like that Marathi-toned speech
being a multi-billionaire heiress living somewhere outside India or
showing some skin. And there's the imported item, Miss
Srilankan-so-called-actress, Jacqueline Fernandez. Somebody please tell
her to speak properly and change her dubbing person. It looks like I'm
seeing Murder series within an action-comedy. She's got no looks, no
action, like a wax model. So overall, actresses stand out as not even
mere eye-candies like the South Indian counterparts.

Let's come to the main starcast, John Abraham and Saif Ali Khan. You'd
want to know, right from the first scene why John avenges out on Saif,
but the dumb suspense is taken till the end where in he reveals why. And
that too, in a single line that he loved the manly-Bipasha before Saif
took over. Sort of real-life-turned-reel plot, I say. His body has made
his face look saggy, he shouts way above his girly voice and fights
worse than Balakrishna. And then, there's Saifu, Kareena's Saifu. In
order to portray him being the hero, God knows why he accepts such a
loose plot. He jumps off rocky buildings and not even a scratch appears
on his body! For christ's sake, even James Bond faces injuries but not
our Ranveer. He can think faster than the computer and manages to
jeopardize his villians better than Jason Bourne. Owing to this movie's
prequel, he was the only hope of expectation and he sometimes, delivers.

A small token of condolences to Abbas-Mustan's direction as well, a feat
I admired during the Baazigar days. It's surprising to see what happened
to them to sketch this plot loosely compared to it's predecessor and
hover it around.

Overall, I wanted to spend my Sunday happily and now, this blogpost will
be the reason why it went haywire.

Cheers!

.. raw:: html

   </div>

