The Deceit
##########
:date: 2012-01-19 20:25
:author: curlyreggie
:category: Story, Suspense
:slug: the-deceit
:status: published

.. raw:: html

   <div dir="ltr" style="text-align:left;">

*Location: Mumbai.*
"Where are you guys taking me to?", said Suresh, in a worried manner. He
was apprehensive of the fact that it wasn't a regular affair.

.. raw:: html

   </p>

"Nothing, macha. Just wanted to introduce you to some friends. Don't
worry!". Shastri retorted. He was getting late for his work. And now he
needed a candidate badly. A limited time in hand and his friends already
being furious, he has no other option but to choose Suresh.

Shastri then hired a taxi from Dadar and then they went to a Dandia
concert in Vile Parle where his friends were waiting. Suresh converses
again in the taxi out of excitement. "Macha, are you sure that this is
nothing dangerous?".

"Don't worry, macha. My friends are nice people. They won't do anything
bad. They just need something from you and then, you are out of the
place."

Having come from a middle-class upbringing, Suresh grew up to become an
engineer in Bangalore. His classmate, Shastri was just in front of his
attendance rolls. Whenever there were assignments and exams, Shastri
always flocked towards Suresh for his intelligence. And so, they became
the closest of friends while studying. When Suresh got a job in Mumbai
in a private firm, he shifted his family.

Shastri also had similar ways of life, only that he had the passion to
earn quick money. When his family business bankrupted due to false
commitments from non-payers, Shastri opted to study Engineering and
thus, landed in Bangalore. An outright extrovert, proactive and selfless
heart towards friends, he and Suresh then glued to become the best of
friends. The slang of togetherness was evident of the *macha*Â word.
Being placed in the same company, Shastri followed Suresh, only that his
family was based in Bangalore. Of the work done for 3 years, he became
frustrated and opted out of service and projected that he was doing some
part-time job.

"Where have we come to?"

"It is my friend's show. He is DJing there. Look!". And there was DJ
Harpreet doing the dance tracks. The DJing was a common trend in Dandia
events. People thronged at the venue with traditional Garba dresses,
Dandia sticks in hands and a dancing eagerness to celebrate the event.
After waving to Harpreet, Shastri then took Suresh through the crowd.

"I am pretty scared, man. I came only because I believed you."

"Oh! I know. Come over. You need a drink?"

Hesitatingly, Suresh picks up one and watches the crowd. In a moment, he
thinks of his parents. Wonder what they would be doing at the house.

| "Shall we leave?".
| "OK."

After sailing through the crowd, Shastri leads Suresh to a narrow way.
The way smelled of betel leaves and cigarettes. And then, he sees a
small stall-like getup where he finds some people, boys and girls
dancing to an iPhone.

"Guys, Meet Suresh. My closest friend. Suresh, this is Neha, Divya,
Krish, Udi, Shiamak, Parvin and the Vinod. Our leader."

Vinod looks at Suresh strangely but ignores him and continues to dance.
He was high on marijuana and was giggling throughout. Suresh sensed
something is wrong.

And then, Krish pulls him in, and snatches his wallet. Shocked by the
happenings, Suresh panics. With people surrounded and no escape route,
he remains silent.

"Well now, Suresh. Are you ready?"

And then his life changed forever...

| *After 10 years.*
| *Location: Singapore.*

| Suparna opens the door and leads in her aunt who is a non-stop chatterbox, be it on the phone or otherwise. Both Suresh and Suparna now were adjusted with her taunts and chats that they simply ignored it.

"How are you, Aunty? How was your journey? Hope your flight was
alright."

Aunty gave a look of satisfaction. She was quite impressed with the
flight Suresh booked and they had serviced her well. So she was silent
and began to survey the new apartment. Suparna went in to make some tea
for all and Suresh continued with his reading.

"I got a letter from the Mumbai Police yesterday. Thought of sharing
with you." And handed it to him. Suresh opens it with a sweaty palm.
Suparna runs out of kitchen and joins Suresh to read it.

Both Suresh and Suparna were shocked to see the contents of the letter.
Was it for the past 10 years' curse that was to re-run again?

"What's the matter?", Aunty asked.

No answer.

.. raw:: html

   <p>

.. raw:: html

   </div>

