Updating interests
##################
:date: 2012-10-18 22:01
:author: curlyreggie
:category: Uncategorized
:slug: updating-interests
:status: published

.. raw:: html

   <div dir="ltr" style="text-align:left;">

Some days back, a friend of mine told me of being closet in nature. I
don't blame him for the reason being that it was true to it's slight
context. By slight, I mean to say that I've not exposed myself to such
varied topics of things that can affect me, though not mentally, but
yes, as a person and an individual.

.. raw:: html

   </p>

So, here goes. I have now began my expedition of exploring topics.
Topics which could be generic in nature, technical in preference and
personal in words. And can do share some, otherwise, being the
forgetting nature off late these days, owing to the phenomenal
information and people and things around, I forget the very ideas that
spurt out of application of them lest not this. Most of the things are
accidental by nature, some are a result of the social networking that I
do the most and a little by people.

One of those happens to be imperative and investigative journalism. On a
dull Sunday morning, while going through the updates of the world, I
happen to crash around a veteran journalist, Mrs. Madhu Trehan. A
founder member of the reverent India Today group and a sensational
reporter of the epic oldie Newstrack, she was exposing the way people do
journalism these days unlike the "pure" ones which we used to see when
we were kids. Now, let's keep the definition of pure out of this post
else, it would go in a way that you might skip the very essence.

Second comes the technical updates that go around the world. Be it
yCombinator's Hacker News, Google Feeds or Slashdot as per
recommendations, I was dumbstruck with the flow of technology in every
person on this planet. Every thing you need for your line of work, is
available. Well, almost. The way to learn new languages, testing
features, working on new components and flavors is an awesome experience
in itself owing to such constant, nagging-though-beautiful updates. Oh,
and Cloud Computing has bitten me too. So, I do follow it, quite
seriously - if you mean, I can sit and open a VM right now and start
building a virtual cloud system on it just to test how it works!

Thirdly, and I fall in and out of this again and again is the beautiful
world of Cryptography and the science of hacking. I mean, you should be
a true applicationist, as I'd say if you can tweak things and work
around established setups. It shakes the very meaning of them and a
sense of satisfaction within. There are some phenomenal people out there
who make you look like a sissy when it comes to the mind that should
work. They start, when we stop. And this is just the beginning of the
study. The topics would be known when I explore more.

And lastly, our news. I mean, the things ongoing in my country. Be it
the corruption charges, the anti-corruption movement and the likes, I
feel like following it quite for sometime and build up a knowledge base
before I can begin to even argue on that for a minute.

Er.. Books. They remain where they need to. Bedtime reading or company
during transit. More might be in the pipeline.

Happy researching!

.. raw:: html

   </div>

