Whatta Trip!
############
:date: 2007-10-27 23:08
:author: curlyreggie
:category: Uncategorized
:slug: whatta-trip
:status: published

Hats off to our friendships. This thing can take you to many things. And
for me, the most memorable moment in my life.

We were 10 of us sitting on a cool, lazy Friday evening sipping our tea
when suddenly one of us popped up with an idea to do something wacky.
Everybody agreed for it. We all really wanted something that we never
ever dreamt of because of the usual routine work that was nagging us
down.

And that was, going on a trip of 300+ kms by bike! At the least, I hadnt
seen this kind of craze in bikes. And best thing was, everybody agreed
on it! So, we planned for a road trip to a place where water falls from
high mountains, in greater amounts and sounding like thunder.

All of us got up the very next day at 5 A.M for this one-of-a-kind trip.
Dressed up in cool casuals and some jackets put up so as to wade off the
heavy wind, we started off. Everybody was in full swing and excited. So,
there started our journey.

We reached a place to halt for sometime at some 80 kms from Bangalore.
This was covered in just one hour flat! I had never seen such an
experience and it was terrific. The usual thing in my life was to use
bike for some reasons, be it reaching destination or pull it up for
work. This totally vibrated my senses! Awesome one that was..

Then, we pulled up to reach the destination and we were spell bounded
for some time. The water, which was calm at the top, suddenly came
roaring down to mesmerize people watching it. What a view it was! It
tempted some of our guys to have a dip at the falls below,but we had to
make a move. So, we finished it and started our journey again in those
deadly, powerful cycles.

The road ahead was a circus to the drivers. Terrible roads trying to say
'Help us'. The worst maintained roads ever seen. Naturally, this causes
for a breakdown in those mean machines and our bike went flat in tyres.
Next came the repair thing which was done successfully but the worst was
in front of our eyes after this.

Suddenly, a pack of policemen came to check why these idiots stopped
their bikes in middle of the road and started to check all documents.
The real fun came in now. My bike dint had the papers itself!

As we were bachelors, they found the so-called 'Bakras' to have a taste
of some police power. We pleaded them, literally, by asking us to
forgive and god only knows,what came in those minds, let us off. We were
dumbfounded for sometime thinking "is this our country"??

We then headed off to a nearby place. Then came the task of finding a
room to halt for the night. Since cricket fever was going on, we planned
for a motel which has TV for live proceedings. And that dint disappoint
us in the end.

The match was a nail-biting performance done by our Dhoni guys against
the bullish Gillies! That was a match that I had seen fully only after
the world cup 2003!Finally, the match ended with only one slogan on all
of our guys, "Chak De, India"!

The next day was a good one, seeing all the places that we planned for
and finally landed in our homes late night.

But, one thing. The bike is surely going to rule people. And, this is
why they like pulling these machines and become ROADIES! Cheers to
biking!!
