Wise Applicative Learning
#########################
:date: 2013-03-06 08:20
:author: curlyreggie
:category: Uncategorized
:slug: wise-applicative-learning
:status: published

.. raw:: html

   <div dir="ltr" style="text-align:left;">

I'm seeing quite a change nowadays, a new form of learning. The concept
of applicative learning, where people, rather than referring to books
and sources, tend to dive into code straight and analyse the outcomes. A
very practical and sensible approach, but let us be honest. In order to
be "applicative" or applying knowledge, one is forgetting the way of
learning things properly leading to haphazard situations like improper
syntax, confusions or misunderstanding in computing concepts and what
not to define yourself, a "bad programmer".  And thus, time to get down
on some real areas of concern to better ourselves:

.. raw:: html

   </p>

**Design an idea and not apps**

         To learn about a technology know-how, we begin with our old
learning techniques of developing "basic" apps. Let us be truthful, such
apps are poor in design, scalability and reliability. Thinking of
showcasing them to display your technical skills is quite funny to
propose.

        App building is fine, no complaints about it. You might tend to
see how much you have learned in the code that you write or copy-paste
from stackoverflow.com (The most referred site for technical issues).
But the fact is, it isn't contributing anything to the idea! Technology
serves only as a means to achieve ideas into reality and not creating
them. If you have the wisdom of reverse engineering, designing ideas
based on the technology you come across, then you have a way out. The
more solid (er.. bigger) idea, the more technical exposure it needs.
Hence, more learning and more lines on your resume. You'll find a
technology that would suffice your idea needs else you'll find creating
a new one yourself. Ask peers for help, Google for it. There's always a
lame idiot who will post such in no time. Do freelancing, it helps a ton
to build up what you need, as a plus.

**Utility Automation is useless until it serves a purpose**

        Scripting is catching up very fast these days, Python and Ruby
to be specific. Tons of libraries emerge out thereby making the
developer to be alert to newer developments and shunning old primitive
coding. As long as that script is helping you out in cutting down your
work, cool! But scripting for the sake of it (think of learning here) is
an utter waste of your own precious time. You tend to screw up on the
way you programmed earlier as these languages make your life easier. And
then there's the transition time to switch. Not only are you wasting
time, you're unnecessarily extending the project deadline too!

**Focus on a single technology than being a jack**

        You might be a bit paranoid of not keeping up with all that
Twitter follow-list or the people in Reddit that inspire you to know a
ton of things in technology but I'd advise you one single thing, "Utter
Crap." Try to inspect why are you following that tech topic or a person
well versed in that field. Are you developing something in the same
field that he is contributing? Do you have anything extra to learn? Have
something to contribute in that project? Well, then go ahead. Otherwise,
it is dumb to sit and check everything and know nothing in the end. You
just end up as a joker than a jack or heck, even a master.

**Tech Entrepreneurs are sick**

        Yes. For some reasons. Those geeks have done implementations of
their ideas to make money(read Business) and are in the market to sell
it at an unimaginable amount. Don't get too much inspired by that. It's
just media hype like the JEE-CAT exams hooplah. It doesn't serve the
purpose of learning. If you really want to look up to them then look at
their ideas rather, than how many dollars he minted from poor investors.
That should give you a way of thinking in-line with market needs. You'll
find some really good ideas out there in the market.

**Read Code, not documentation**

         Documentation is for absolute newbies. I've never used it as
seriously as I'm being advised upon. It's all about code, code and pure
code. Read code. Yes, read it! Just like you're reading this post.
Understand. Think of the way things have been put in place, see which
algorithms and design patterns are available in those little chunks of
magic. See how you can tune it in your version. How can you format. How
can you make others understand your own code via block commenting. How
to use lines as simple unit test cases. Such practicality can never come
from tutorials.

And for Christ's sake, get into building that code than believing it's
author blindly. Use an emulator, Raspberry Pi or a physical device but
please, flash that bloody code and get things started. People like to
see something than sit and gossip, leading to nothing at all.

And if you really want to learn something from books, pick up any topic
in Mathematics or Computing conceptual books. Even Fiction will do
wonders.

Cheers!

.. raw:: html

   </div>

