You might be knowing some things wrong..
########################################
:date: 2013-09-22 16:05
:author: curlyreggie
:category: Uncategorized
:slug: you-might-be-knowing-some-things-wrong
:status: published

Yesterday, I happened to pick up the pending remains of my SoundCloud
podcasts and happen to crash into the very famous online Indian
podcasting comedy, the All India Bakchod, essentially the Great Indian
Bullshitting which almost everyone of us tend to do whenever we happen
to have time to waste. In the latest episode, they interviewed a
director of whom I'm a great fan of his work -  right from his first
unreleased film \`Paanch\` till the latest \`Gangs of Wasseypur\` art
and expecting his next releases, Ugly and Bombay Velvet in extremity.

Anurag Kashyap brings in this layer of freshness in the conversations
you make. There is some "thing" as he says which gets his work attracted
by others, appreciated by the world and  sticks to his regular surprises
of his deviations in film ranges and gathers a lot of newer fans per
movie. His light humor during the talk can be surprising during those
topics of importance which needs to be addressed, a rare quality of
satire seen to invoke serious thinking.

The comedians of the podcast literally yap about their poor jokes
(sometimes) and their tad slapstick humor which gets annoying after
sometime. But not in this one. They found the recording hard to stop and
had to literally abrupt due to limited time. Why? The conversation went
so far and deep that even their funny bones stopped to tickle and
started to ponder with the views the director was giving about films,
work ethics and India. And seriously, Anurag has that ability to think
practically, sensibly and realistically. I intend to care about these
words separately. You'll know why am I exaggerating this in further
paragraphs.

Lets begin with the topic, India. He highlights the important,
fundamental problems of the day - regression, morality and education
which need to be addressed the foremost by everyone in their own
limited, individual support. Next comes the participation in movements
to which he sounds indifferent to. We need to first look at ourselves
rather than pointing fingers at others with a rational discussion than a
group mentality. And the truth - India after the next elections, in the
next 10 years, will be studied to be a classic example of how to get
screwed up even during times of progress, which will be a part of
history! Now, that's some serious thinking to do.

Anurag then correlates work culture with his business segment,
film-making. But the words he says are irrelevant to a particular
industry as such. He says to first do the work and think about the
limelight later. I'd say this to all the startup enthusiasts. If you
tend to keep your work a bit higher than the middlemen, you can never
get your objective fulfilled. As they are the ones who will sell your
work! India is being ruled by middlemen, you know. Market your work to
gather a larger audience. This comes at a price too - cut your profits
and put your work into more eyes. Be it film festivals and free
screenings for films or more conferences and hackathons for startups.
Build your audience because that's where the money for your next work
segment comes from. I now see the pattern of why his films are first
screened in festivals and theaters next - a tad which happens in
parallel in today's world to gain recognition and money together. He
points out the quality of films going to the world audience. We as
Indians have this "baniya" mentality of dealing with money all the time.
We never want to explore a market where people start recognizing Indian
films as universal and not just Indian.

Lastly, the films itself. Taking right calls, market study, people
involved in controlling the market, courage to explore, ideas accessible
in popular, perceptions of how the world thinks about you, clear
thinking of your objectives - either appreciation or the sheer passion
of it and dealing with consequences of choices are concerns in any line
of work you want to excel in. Finding formulas and repeating them in all
your work makes you redundant. Keep constantly deal with things around
you.

Wish there was more time to listen to many more topics. Overall, it was
a brilliant podcast in recent times to crash by. A recommended one. You
can find the link
`here <https://soundcloud.com/allindiabakchod/feat-anurag-kashyap-episode-21>`__.
